.TH "BYGFOOT" 6 "" ""

.P
.SS NAME
\fBBygfoot\fP \- a football management game for Linux and other Unices.
.SS SYNOPSIS
bygfoot [\-e|\-\-editor] [\-d dir] [\-f file] [\-u|\-\-update] game
.SS DESCRIPTION
This man page documents version 1.6 of \fBBygfoot\fP. \fBBygfoot\fP is a 
small and simple football (a.k.a. soccer) manager game featuring some of
the world's most important leagues and cups. You manage a team from one 
such league: you form the team, buy and sell players, get promoted or 
relegated and of course try to be successful.

The game is deliberately kept simple. Players have only one value that 
reflects their playing ability, namely their skill value (they have 
some other values, though, like age or position). The only thing that 
you have to do besides managing your players is to look after your 
stadium: keep / make it safe and see that you have enough capacity.

Because of the simplicity of the game, and because most buttons have
tool\-tips you won't need much help while playing.

.SS OPTIONS
\-d [dir] \- allows you to choose another directory to search for
pixmaps and text\-files. Default directories that are searched are
$HOME/.bygfoot, ./support_files and possibly (depending on the package
format you have) /usr/local/share/bygfoot/support_files.

\-f [file] \- allows you to choose a custom country file instead of one
of those included with your \fBBygfoot\fP release. You can omit the full
path if the file's in $HOME/.bygfoot/text_files.

\-e \-\-editor \- allows you to start directly the team editor.	

\-u \-\-update \- starts the Bygfoot Online Update Frontend (available
in versions higher than 1.7.0 rev2.

[game] \- allows you to load directly a previously saved game. You can omit the full
path if the file's in $HOME/.bygfoot/saves.

Any other argument is interpreted as [game].

.SS FILES
/usr/share/bygfoot/support_files/ \- directory containing pixmaps
used by the GUI (prefix might be /usr/local if you've compiled
the game yourself).

/usr/share/bygfoot/support_files/text_files/ \- directory containing the
built\-in country files, team definitions and other text data.

/usr/bin/bygfoot \- the standalone executable (depends on GTK+2).

$HOME/.bygfoot \- user configuration directory.

.SS AUTHOR
\fBBygfoot\fP is written and maintained by Gyözö Both (gyboth_at_bygfoot_dot_com), following
suggestions from people all over the world.

.SS COPYRIGHT NOTICE
Copyright (c) 2004 by Gyözö Both. Released under the GNU General Public
Licence. The full text of the licence is available in the source directory
with the name COPYING. If you have not downloaded the source, or if the
file you have downloaded is missing the licence, you can read it online at the
Free Software Foundation site at http://www.gnu.org or at http://www.fsf.org.
A copy of the licence can also be obtained from the author of this software.

.SS DOCUMENTATION AUTHORSHIP
Copyright (c) 2004 by José Geraldo Gouvêa and Gyözö Both.

.SS INVITATION
You are invited to help expand the playability and the functionalities of
this game by sending your patches and contributions. You can also join 
the development team at SourceForge.net if you know C programming and
can spare some time.

Even if you are not a programmer you can contribute to the project by sending
new country files, team definitions, artwork or \-\-\- preferably \-\-\- by donating 
to the project. See more about this at the official \fBBygfoot\fP website at 
http://www.bygfoot.com.

.\" man code generated by txt2tags 1.7 (http://txt2tags.sf.net)
.\" cmdline: txt2tags -t man -t man bygfoot.t2t

