#################
# tokens for the live game commentary
##################

# see
# http://bygfoot.sourceforge.net/doc/1.9/def_howto.html

# tokens in the live game commentary
#------------------------------------

# general
string_token_league_cup_name	_LEAGUECUPNAME_ # also for news
string_token_cup_round_name	_CUPROUNDNAME_ # also for news
string_token_attendance		_AT_ # also for news
string_token_result		_RE_ # also for news
string_token_time		_TIME_
string_token_minute		_MI_
string_token_minute_remaining	_MR_
string_token_minute_total	_MT_
string_token_yellow_limit	_YELLOWLIMIT_
string_token_goals0		_GOALS0_ # also for news
string_token_goals1		_GOALS1_ # also for news
string_token_goal_diff		_GD_ # also for news
string_token_possession		_POSS_
string_token_no_possession	_NPOSS_
# misc
string_token_extra		_EX_
# team
string_token_team_home		_T0_ # also for news
string_token_team_away		_T1_ # also for news
string_token_team_losing	_TL_ # also for news
string_token_team_winning	_TW_ # also for news
string_token_team_winningn	_TWN_ # also for news
string_token_team_losingn	_TLN_ # also for news
string_token_team		_TT_
string_token_team_layer0	_TLAYER0_ # also for news
string_token_team_layer1	_TLAYER1_ # also for news
string_token_team_layerdiff	_TLAYERDIFF_ # also for news
string_token_team_avskill0	_TAVSKILL0_ # also for news
string_token_team_avskill1	_TAVSKILL1_ # also for news
string_token_team_avskilldiff	_TAVSKILLDIFF_ # also for news
# player
string_token_player0		_P0_
string_token_player1		_P1_
string_token_player_goals0	_PLGOALS0_
string_token_player_goals_all0	_PLGOALSALL0_
string_token_player_goals1	_PLGOALS1_
string_token_player_goals_all1	_PLGOALSALL1_
string_token_player_yellows	_PLYELLOWS_
# stat tokens
string_token_stat_shots0	_SHOTS0_ # also for news
string_token_stat_shots1	_SHOTS1_ # also for news
string_token_stat_shot_per0	_SHOTPER0_ # also for news
string_token_stat_shot_per1	_SHOTPER1_ # also for news
string_token_stat_poss0		_POSS0_ # also for news
string_token_stat_poss1		_POSS1_ # also for news
string_token_stat_pen0		_PEN0_ # also for news
string_token_stat_pen1		_PEN1_ # also for news
string_token_stat_fouls0	_FOULS0_ # also for news
string_token_stat_fouls1	_FOULS1_ # also for news
string_token_stat_yellows0	_YELLOWS0_ # also for news
string_token_stat_yellows1	_YELLOWS1_ # also for news
string_token_stat_reds0		_REDS0_ # also for news
string_token_stat_reds1		_REDS1_ # also for news
string_token_stat_injs0		_INJS0_ # also for news
string_token_stat_injs1		_INJS1_ # also for news

# tokens for CPU strategy
#--------------------------

# prematch
string_token_opponent_skill	_OPPSKILL_
string_token_avskilldiff	_AVSKILLDIFF_
string_token_homeadv		_HOMEADV_
string_token_cup		_CUP_
string_token_goals_to_win	_GOALSTOWIN_
# match
string_token_subs_left		_SUBSLEFT_
string_token_num_def		_NUMDEF_
string_token_num_mid		_NUMMID_
string_token_num_att		_NUMATT_
string_token_form		_FORMATION_

# tokens for news articles
#------------------------------------
string_token_result_rew 		_REW_
string_token_result_rel 		_REL_
string_token_bool_cup                   _CUP_
string_token_bool_cup_knockout          _CUPKO_
string_token_bool_cup_home_away         _CUPHOMEAWAY_
string_token_cup_stage                  _CUPSTAGE_
string_token_bool_cup_neutral           _CUPNEUTRAL_
string_token_bool_cup_national          _CUPNATIONAL_
string_token_bool_cup_international     _CUPINTERNATIONAL_
string_token_bool_cup_promrel           _CUPPROMREL_
string_token_bool_cup_aux               _CUPAUX_
string_token_bool_cup_penalties         _CUPPEN_
string_token_bool_cup_extra             _CUPET_
string_token_bool_cup_first_leg         _CUPFIRSTLEG_
string_token_bool_cup_second_leg        _CUPSECONDLEG_
string_token_cup_match_winner           _CUPMATCHWINNER_
string_token_cup_match_loser            _CUPMATCHLOSER_
string_token_cup_match_winnern          _CUPMATCHWINNERN_
string_token_cup_match_losern           _CUPMATCHLOSERN_
string_token_bool_multiple_scorers0     _MULTIPLESCORERS0_
string_token_bool_multiple_scorers1     _MULTIPLESCORERS1_
string_token_scorers0                   _SCORERS0_
string_token_highscorer0                _HIGHSCORER0_
string_token_highscorer_goals0          _HIGHGOALS0_
string_token_scorers1                   _SCORERS1_
string_token_highscorer1                _HIGHSCORER1_
string_token_highscorer_goals1          _HIGHGOALS1_
string_token_goal_diff_aggregate	_GDAGG_
string_token_rank0                      _RANK0_
string_token_oldrank0                   _OLDRANK0_
string_token_rank1                      _RANK1_
string_token_oldrank1                   _OLDRANK1_
string_token_streak_won0		_WON0_
string_token_streak_lost0		_LOST0_
string_token_streak_won1		_WON1_
string_token_streak_lost1		_LOST1_
string_token_streak_league_won0		_LEAGUEWON0_
string_token_streak_league_lost0	_LEAGUELOST0_
string_token_streak_league_won1		_LEAGUEWON1_
string_token_streak_league_lost1	_LEAGUELOST1_
string_token_streak_unbeaten0		_UNBEATEN0_
string_token_streak_unbeaten1		_UNBEATEN1_
string_token_streak_league_unbeaten0	_LEAGUEUNBEATEN0_
string_token_streak_league_unbeaten1	_LEAGUEUNBEATEN1_
